[Doc] Add contact email (#12085)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/book/architecture/emails.rst

* ``channel``: Channel in which an order was placed
* ``localeCode``: Locale code in which an order was placed

Contact Request
---------------

> This e-mail is sent when a customer validades contact form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This e-mail is sent when a customer validates the contact form.
```
